Cathy Glass
Cathy Glass was a 31-year-old woman who lived
in Cobb County, Georgia in 1991. She worked
at the Country Pines Apartments off South
Cobb Drive.
In May 1991, Cathy’s neighbours heard noises
coming from Cathy’s apartment on Booth Road
in Marietta. Hearing the noises, the neighbours
called the police. When the officers arrived
at 15 Booth Road, they found Cathy’s body
lying in her apartment in a pool of blood.
Her apartment had been ransacked.
Included among the evidence collected at the
scene was a palm print. At the time of the
crime, the print did not match anyone in the
law enforcement database. Police would question
her friends and family but nothing came out
of it.
They also questioned neighbours and they said
they heard loud noises coming from the apartment
but did not see anyone come in or out of her
apartment. Police would continue their investigation
but no leads and no suspects the case would
eventually grow cold.
The case reopened in 2014.
Then in summer of 2019, The detective working
on the case, while sorting through the evidence
of Cathy’s case when he spotted a palm print
in one of the crime scene photos.
At the time of Cathy’s murder, The database
only included fingerprints but only recently
the Automated Fingerprint Identification System
recently expanded its records to include palm
prints. The detective decided to send the
palm print for testing. This time the palm
print matched a 55-year-old man named Trent
Allen Brown.
Trent was arrested on charges of Malice murder,
aggravated assault and burglary.
He was already in jail in Indiana for burglary.
He has a long rap sheet that includes forgery,
theft, counterfeiting and receiving stolen
property. His latest conviction and sentencing
happened in 2018 with a release date of Sept.
1, 2021, but he will most likely find himself
behind bars for much longer if he is found
guilty of Cathy’s murder.
Terri Lynn Hollis
In 1972, 11-year-old Terri Lynn Hollis was
living with her family in Torrance, California.
On Thanksgiving day, November 23rd, 1972,
Terri went to play outside on her bike at
around 3pm. She would never return home.
When Terri did not return home that night,
her family reported her missing. The police
would search around the neighbourhood that
night but could not find her. The next day,
A fisherman found her body over 70 miles away,
wearing only a T-shirt.
An autopsy later revealed that she had been
sexually assaulted and choked to death. Her
body was then dumped on a cliff below the
Pacific Coast Highway in Oxnard.
Police believed that while on a bike ride,
Terri was most likely abducted. Detectives
conducted more than 2,000 interviews and searches
in the local and surrounding areas in the
hopes to find any lead in the case. But nothing
would turn and the case would grow cold.
In 2000, Detectives would reopen the case
and submitted DNA found at the crime scene
for comparative testing to the combined DNA
Index System but did not receive any matches.
In 2018, Police submitted the DNA to Parabon-Nanolabs,
which conducted a genetic-genealogy analysis
on the DNA and found a potential match of
the suspect’s relative through a public
database.
That match led detectives to identify the
suspect as Jake Edward Brown. Brown died in
Arizona in 2003 and had previously been arrested
for narcotics, robbery and two rapes after
Hollis’, in April 1973 and again in April
1974. It is unclear whether he was convicted
for those crimes, but police do believe he
served some time in jail before he died of
illness.
Detectives exhumed his body and collected
bone remains. Police used a company called
DNA Labs International in Virginia to extract
DNA and confirm that Jake Edward Brown was
the killer. The case was finally solved after
almost 5 decades.
Pamela Milam
Pamela Milam was a 19-year-old girl studying
to become an English teacher at Indiana State
University. She was a member of the Sigma
Kappa sorority at the Indiana State and lived
with her parents and 2 sisters at their home
about 10 minutes from the Indiana State University.
In September 1972, Pamela was staying at the
Sigma Kappa suite at ISU’S Lincoln Quad
during sorority rush festivities. On September
15, Pamela left Holmstedt Hall after a party
to move her car closer to the dorm and told
some of her sorority sisters she would return
to the suite in a few minutes.
She never returned.
The next day, she missed her 8:00 am shift
at the library. No one had seen her all day.
When no one had heard of her all day, she
was reported missing. Pamela’s parents would
spend the whole day searching for her at the
campus.
Around 7 pm, two of her sorority sisters spotted
her 1964 Pontiac LeMans parked about a block
away from where it had been parked the day
before. Her glasses were seen through the
rear window of the car and her purse was in
the back seat.
About an hour later, Pamela’s father arrived
with a spare set of keys. When they opened
the trunk of her car, they found Pamela’s
body. She had been bound with a clothesline
and her mouth was gagged. The gag was held
in place with a piece of white masking tape.
She had bruises all over her body and she
had wounds on her head and face.
All of the items used to tie her up had been
used at the rush party that Milam had been
at earlier and were in a box of decorations
she had been carrying to her car. A stick
and other debris found between her pantyhose
and pants indicated her pants had been removed
at some point, likely in a wooded area. DNA
was recovered from a stain left on her light-blue
blouse.
An autopsy revealed she had died of strangulation.
Police had no witnesses and no descriptions
of who may have been responsible for her death.
About seven weeks after the murder, a man
named Robert Wayne Austin was arrested for
a series of attempted and successful abductions
on the campus. Police said Austin would sexually
assault the students and then return them
back to the campus. Austin would eventually
be convicted of rape, sodomy and kidnapping
and sentenced to life in prison. He denied
having any involvement in Pamela’s murder
and police were never able to find any clues
that linked him to her murder.
With no leads and no suspect, the case would
go cold.
In 2001, the Indiana State Police lab did
an analysis of the stain found on Pamela’s
blouse. Austin’s DNA did not match the stain
on the blouse. A fingerprint found on the
door of Pamela’s car also did not match
Austin. The fingerprint was entered in the
Automated Fingerprint Identification System
but did not receive a match.
In 2008, Terre Haute Police chief Shawn Keen
re-opened the case. The clothesline used to
bind Pamela helped establish a partial DNA
profile.
Then in 2018, a DNA sample was sent to Parabon
NanoLabs in hopes to find a potential suspect.
The result came back with a potential family
that the DNA might have come from.
The family was investigated and further DNA
samples were analysed and Jeffrey Lynn Hand
was identified as the killer. DNA samples
from Jeffrey’s widow and his two sons helped
link him to the stain found on Pamela’s
blouse.
Jeffrey was 23 years old at the time of Pamela’s
murder. He had been convicted in 1973 for
picking up a couple who were hitchhiking and
murdering the husband. The woman was able
to escape and call the police from a neighbouring
house. Jeffrey was eventually found not guilty
by reason of insanity but was committed to
the state reformatory until 1976.
Then in 1976, Jeffrey was spotted trying to
abduct a woman near a Kokomo shopping mall.
A police officer witnessed it and a pursuit
ensued. Jeffrey would eventually fire and
injure the police officer. Another officer
then shot and killed Jeffrey as he tried to
run away.
After 47 years, Pamela’s family finally
got some closure knowing the identity of the
killer and his fate.
Denise Sharon Kulb
Denise Sharon Kulb was a 27-year-old woman
who lived in Pennsylvania. In October on 1991,
She would move in with her boyfriend, Theodore
Dill Donahue. But just two weeks later, she
would move out.
Sometime after October 19, 1991, Denise would
go missing. No one would report her missing.
Then, on November 12th, 1991, her badly decomposed
body would be found. Denise was discovered
in a wooded, undeveloped cul-de-sac. She was
found wearing only a sweater, but two pairs
of pants, a T-shirt, jacket and one pale yellow
sock were discovered on top of the body. Because
of the decomposition, the autopsy by a Delaware
County medical examiner listed the manner
of death as “undetermined and unnatural”
and the cause of death as “probably asphyxiation.”
Theodore was questioned and he said he had
last seen Denise on October 18, 1991, when
the pair had bought and used crack cocaine
together. He said that shortly after a man
had robbed them at knifepoint. He told authorities
that Denise ran to get help and he never saw
her again.
Denise’s family members told police that
they had last seen Denise on October 19th
at a funeral.
Denise’s sister said Denise had gotten into
a fight with Theodore outside of the bar where
she worked on October 19th. This was the last
time she was seen alive.
On the day Denise’s body was discovered,
Theodore returned all the clothes she had
left behind at his apartment to her family
before the family was notified of her death.
During his interview with the police, Theodore
admitted that his nickname was “Ted Bundy.”
He was considered a strong suspect in the
case and police searched his apartment days
later. During their search, they discovered
a yellow sock that appeared to match the one
found at the crime scene. Even though a matching
sock was found, police did not have strong
evidence to link him to the crime. At the
time, Theodore insisted he had no knowledge
or involvement in Denise’s death. Eventually,
the case would grow cold.
The case would be reopened in 2015 and Theodore
was reinterviewed. He admitted to police that
he had lied in his original story and he did
see Denise outside the bar on October 19th.
Phone records indicated Theodore and Denise
spoke before they met on that day at the bar.
The next few years, The police interviewed
Theodore’s family and friends. They would
discover that Theodore had stayed at a motel
that was just over a mile from the crime scene
several times a year and that he'd shared
details about the crime scene that no one
but the perpetrator and the police would know.
During his interview in 1991, Theodore had
asked police if Denise had been strangled
and he would call them twice more in 1991
to inquire about how she died. Authorities
would never tell Theodore how she died and
no media accounts reported the cause of her
death.
In an interview, Lisa Campbell, who worked
with Theodore at a restaurant in the 1990s,
said that he had told her that he once had
a roommate who died on the couch and that
he was questioned by police about the death.
“I found it odd. He acted like he got away
with something”.
Another acquaintance, Amber Booth, who had
been a roommate of Donahue’s in 2012 when
they worked at Golden Crust Pizza in the 7100
block of Germantown Avenue, reported that
Donahue told her one day he had just returned
from visiting a spot in the woods where a
former girlfriend’s body had been found.
He said that the woman’s name was Denise
and that she was found facedown, naked with
her legs spread something that was never released
to the public.
Investigators then took another look at the
sock that found with Denise’s body. The
sock that was found at the crime scene was
lost so police with the help from Temple university’s
photography department, enhanced the details
of the sock in the image. The image of the
sock was found to be a perfect match with
sock found in Theodore’s apartment.
Theodore was finally arrested on 3rd September
2019 and charged with murder, abuse of a corpse,
tampering with evidence, obstruction of justice
and false reports to the police in 1991.
Racine County Jane Doe
On 21st July 1999, a man and his teenage daughter
were walking their dog in Raymond, Wisconsin.
It had rained the previous night and while
walking, they noticed drag marks on the ground.
Curious, they followed it to a cornfield where
they stumbled upon the body of a deceased
female. She appeared to have a broken arm
as it was sticking out at an odd angle. They
alerted the local authorities who rushed to
the scene.
An autopsy revealed that the woman had died
from severe injuries; she had been starved,
abused and tortured for a long time before
her death. She had received blunt force trauma
to her head, had a broken nose, cuts on her
head and on the bridge of her nose and forehead.
She also suffered blunt force trauma to her
chest, abdomen, wrists, hands, and fingers
and had numerous cuts all over her body. She
had also been sexually assaulted. She had
burns on more than 25% of her body; her head,
face, neck, arms and upper torso. Her death
was ruled to be the result of multiple homicidal
injuries. She was estimated to be between
18-35 years old and was most likely cognitively
disabled as she appeared to have a small brain
cavity with-in the skull.
As it had rained the previous night, very
little evidence of the perpetrator was found
at the crime scene. When she was discovered,
she was wearing a men’s grey-country shirt
with embroidered red flowers on the front
and snap buttons. She was also wearing black
sweatpants and did not have shoes or socks
on her.
Over 50 people attended her funeral on October
27, 1999, after her autopsy. She was interred
at Holy Family Cemetery in Caledonia, Wisconsin.
Her gravestone read "Daughter: Jane Doe",
along with the dates of discovery and burial,
with the phrase "Gone, but not forgotten."
Detectives travelled to various homeless shelters
throughout Wisconsin and spoke to paediatric
and Dental offices throughout the country.
They also contacted agencies that work with
disabled children in hopes to find any lead
but to no avail.
Multiple facial reconstructions were created
and distributed to the public in hopes of
someone recognizing Jane Doe.
On October 16th 2013, her body was exhumed
and her remains were sent to The Milwaukee
County Medical Examiner for Chemical Isotope
testing. This test measures the natural variations
in a body and helps determine where a person
has spent significant time throughout their
life.
For twenty years the Jane Doe, who came to
be known as “Racine County Jane Doe” or
“Crystal Rae”, would remain unidentified.
On October 20, 2016, it was announced that
chemical isotope testing performed by the
Smithsonian on a sample of her hair and bone
suggest she may originally have been from
or spent several years of her life in Alaska,
Montana or portions of southern Canada.
Then in September 2019, The Racine County
police received a tip from someone that a
local woman was telling people that she had
killed a woman back when she lived in Illinois
in the ’90s.
The suspect would be identified as a 64-year-old
nurse named Linda Sue LaRoche. And on November
8, 2019, Racine County authorities identified
the victim, through DNA comparison, as Peggy
Lynn Johnson, 23, of McHenry, Illinois.
It was found that Peggy did not have any relatives
and was never reported missing. Her mother,
father and brother were all dead by the 1990’s.
In the '90s, Peggy was about 18-years-old,
cognitively impaired and on her own when she
went searching for help at a medical clinic
in McHenry, Illinois. There she would meet
a registered nurse, Linda Laroche. Linda claimed
that she had experience and was aware of the
teenager's condition and took her into her
home.
According to Linda’s children, she had taken
Peggy in to work as a nanny and housekeeper
in exchange for a place to live. Her children
told police that their mother would physically,
verbally and emotionally abuse Peggy. Linda
had allegedly once stabbed Peggy in the head
with a pitchfork. When not working Peggy was
forced to live in the crawlspace under the
house.
Investigators also talked to Linda’s ex-husband
and he recalled that the last time he had
seen Peggy was at their home when he found
her lying on the ground lifeless. Linda had
told him that Peggy had overdosed and she
was going to take her away from their house
so they would not be involved.
Investigators interrogated Linda and she admitted
to abusing Peggy and claimed Peggy would steal,
have men come to see her at their house, and
that she would go into the crawlspace of their
house to steal medications. She said one day
Peggy was holding pills before she fainted.
As she was a registered nurse, she didn’t
call the Ambulance. Peggy eventually regained
consciousness. Linda then claimed she couldn’t
tolerate Peggy anymore and took her to a nearby
phone booth. She called Peggy’s grandmother
and then turned her over to her grandmother.
But when police confronted her that they had
talked to Peggy’s grandmother and she had
no idea who Linda was, she changed her story.
She now claimed that she was not sure who
the person was that Peggy left with. She would
again change her story and said that she had
abandoned Peggy, while alive, along a roadway
in Wisconsin. Linda theorised that something
must have happened to her after she had dropped
her off. Police did not buy her story and
she was arrested in Florida and charged with
first-degree intentional homicide and hiding
a corpse. She has waived extradition and is
in the process of being moved to Racine, Wisconsin
to face trail.
Arrangements are being made for Peggy to be
laid to rest as her true identity and buried
alongside her mother.